four times that Tech survived disaster
when the actual door of an Alaskan
Airlines plane flew off its hinges
earlier this year one unlucky
passenger's iPhone flew out with it it
fell 16,000 ft but was found 2 days
later still on airplane mode and still
working in 2017 a guy called Harry
Street accidentally capsized while
kayaking and in the struggle to get
himself upright lost his GoPro camera
until a whopping 4 years later when it
was discovered by someone who was
working on a local project in that same
river they then uploaded the most recent
clip from that camera onto Facebook
where gained enough traction for Harry
to see it and reclaim his long lost
camera but a GoPro surviving lava yeah
that happened too Eric storm was busy
telling a story on top of an erupting
volcano when his GoPro was engulfed by
molten lava and completely caught fire
when he pulled it out of the lava and he
took it home later discovered that it
worked the most impressive though has
got to be when Tracy kutol tried to film
a lightning storm out of her bedroom
window bad idea because in that moment
she was struck by lightning but she
survived unscarred and so did her iPhone